What do you want?
blushing
I'm warning you!
Although we have received the certificate
But don't mess around
You woman
So cool in front of so many people
How can you be alone with me?
So shy
No, I don't.
Well, your party was so noisy today.
A family shouldn't let you go, right?
You are nervous about me
You are my certified husband
Of course I want to be nice to you.
Why don't I accompany you back to the Chen family sometime?
No need for that.
You know the Chen family's situation is more complicated
I don't want you to get involved in this marriage so soon
But okay, don't fit
If you go back with me
I will be distracted
Tell me why you left your post without reporting in advance and came to the Central Plains
Master, Xino's subordinates are really too late to repay
The king has issued more than a dozen edicts
Invite you to Beijing for inspection
I dare not neglect
So I came to Qinzhou to meet you
The last time the country master Shitai was still in the battle of Lu Shengu
Do you know what happened?
Master Bodhisattva
I heard they came early. What?
And I heard that the first stop is the Chen family